# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
accelerate==1.6.0
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
audioread==3.0.1
    # via librosa
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
decorator==5.2.1
    # via librosa
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via ffmpeg-python
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via streamlit
google-auth==2.40.1
    # via google-genai
google-genai==1.14.0
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
greenlet==3.2.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   langsmith
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.31.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
joblib==1.5.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.25
    # via
    #   minus (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.23
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.59
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via librosa
librosa==0.11.0
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via librosa
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==1.38.2
    # via altair
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numba==0.61.2
    # via librosa
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   langchain-community
    #   librosa
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
    #   soxr
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   lazy-loader
    #   marshmallow
    #   pooch
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via streamlit
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via pooch
pooch==1.8.2
    # via librosa
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via streamlit
psutil==7.0.0
    # via accelerate
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pydub==0.25.1
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
pytube==15.0.0
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   minus (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-genai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pooch
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via librosa
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
setuptools==80.3.1
    # via torch
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via librosa
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via librosa
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
streamlit==1.45.0
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
torch==2.7.0+cu128
    # via
    #   minus (pyproject.toml)
    #   accelerate
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==2.7.0
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
torchvision==0.22.0+cu128
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
tornado==6.4.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
transformers==4.51.3
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   google-genai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   librosa
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via google-genai
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
yt-dlp==2025.4.30
    # via minus (pyproject.toml)
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
